Update tunneling expose startegy section (#1272)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/networking/expose-strategies/_index.en.md

  corporate proxy (HTTPS proxy) to reach the control plane.
* An agent is deployed on each worker node to provide access to the apiserver from
  within the cluster via the `kubernetes` service. The agent binds the IP used as the

>   `kubernetes` service endpoint. The default value of tunneling agent IP is `100.64.30.10`. This is a configurable field `tunnelingAgentIP` in cluster API and make sure that this IP cannot collide with anything else running in the datacenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `kubernetes` service endpoint. The default value of tunneling agent IP is `100.64.30.10`. This is a configurable field in the cluster API (`spec.clusterNetwork.tunnelingAgentIP`). Please make sure that this IP cannot collide with anything else running in the datacenter.
```
